Yes?
I think you dropped this
money outside the building.
If I'm mistaken. I apologize.
No. please.
Okay.
Mister. Yes. that's mine.
You speak English.
It's part of my job.
It's a lot of money. I'd
hate to see you lose it.
Yes. thank you.
I suppose I should
offer you a reward?
No. there's no need for that.
But I will ask a favor.
I was wondering. have
you seen this boy?
He's been missing for six
days. His name's Yuma.
I've never seen him before.
I don't think you're
being truthful. Hideo.
I think you've made
a terrible mistake.
You sent the ransom
note to Yuma's parents.
The Kobayashis. But Mr. Kobayashi
is not Yuma's father.
No.
He thinks he is. but he isn't.
Yuma's father. his real father.
is a man by the name of Masaki
Hashimoto. and Mr. Hashimoto
is a boss with the Tokyo yakuza.
So the only question is.
what happens next?
I'm gonna give you a chance. All you
have to do is take me to the boy.
As soon as I have Yuma.
I'll give you two hours
before I contact his father.
In that time. you go to the airport.
you buy a ticket somewhere. anywhere.
as long as it's a
foreign country.
You'll never be safe in Japan.
I don't like hurting people.
I really don't.
Just tell me where you're hiding
the boy. and the deal still stands.
Please. Tell me where
you're hiding the boy.
I'm sorry. You brought
this on yourself.
Goddamn Savile Row suit.
Who are you?
Sit.
Yuma.
Thank you.
It was an honor to be
of service to you. sir.
You're hurt.
- I'll take care of it.
- As you wish.
Wait outside.
I think it's best you leave now.
I don't like hurting
people. It's true.
This world has more than enough suffering
without extra contributions from me.
Finding people that are lost.
Bringing them back to
those that miss them.
That part of the job I like.
It makes the occasional knife
fight and ruined suit worthwhile.
It's tough business.
But steady.
Hopefully. the fever will
break. Did the vomit stop?
I have a client.
so I have to go.
Is the temperature all
right for you. sir?
I can turn up the
AC if you like.
I'm very comfortable. Thank you.
You speak Arabic?
I do. Many years ago. I
spent time in Damascus.
When it was a great city...
before all the trouble.
I am from Damascus!
What is your name. my friend?
Munzer.
I heard you talk
about your daughter.
This is my doctor's number.
Just call him. right?
Tell him about your daughter.
she's sick. and make sure
to let him know that I told
you to call. He'll help.
Blessings to you.
sir. Praise God.
Of course.
- I will wait for you?
- No. No need.
But if you wouldn't mind taking my
bags to the hotel. I'd appreciate it.
And if your dispatcher asks. just
say you dropped me there as well.
As you wish.
- John Sugar. in the flesh.
- Hey. Ruby.
Hey. Come here.
It's been a while.
- Yeah.
- All right. let me look at you.
- You look tired.
- Long trip.
I ran into an old
friend in Tokyo.
He said his local
cell had disbanded
and he hasn't seen the other
members in over a year.
I told him he'd be welcome here
with us. if he wanted to relocate.
Yeah. of course. All right. I
have some things for you inside.
- Lead the way.
- All right.
Mirembe. Mirembe. Mirembe.
Hi.
I didn't know you were
so easily seduced.
It's not seduction 'cause I
know what she's trying to do.
Good girl.
- What have you got?
- From Helen.
- That's sweet of her.
- Yeah. I can't believe she still writes.
Like. she actually writes.
She's old-school.
- She is old-school.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
So. your flight got in.
what. four hours ago?
Give or take. Uh-huh.
Where have you been?
I had some things to do.
Things?
Things.
Things like?
Things like things.
Things like Jonathan Siegel?
Thomas Kinzie.
Mr. Siegel's attorney.
John Sugar.
Welcome. He's in the garden.
- You spying on me again?
- No. I...
I just got a call
from Thomas Kinzie.
Yeah. about your contract.
which I thought was really strange
because when he called me three days ago.
I told him very clearly
that you were unavailable.
Maybe.
I contacted the
references you provided.
They all said you're a
man of great integrity.
When it comes to his family.
Mr. Siegel is an
incredibly private person.
Any public knowledge of
this very personal concern
would be greatly
distressing for him.
- There he is.
Plant as many as you can. But
get some more soil in here.
That'll be all. Thank you.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Sugar. Jonathan Siegel.
It's an honor to meet you. sir.
I'm a great admirer of your work.
Though I have seen every
movie you've ever produced.
Most. at least
five or six times.
except Lady In The Shadows.
I've seen that more times
than I can remember.
- You can go. Tom. I'll call you later.
- Mr. Sugar.
Thank you.
- Shall we?
- Sure.
So. you're a film buff?
Buff? Buff is
it's putting it lightly.
It's more like an addiction.
That's not funny.
John. Not to me.
When a client reaches out to you
directly. it's disrespectful.
You're my business.
Not to mention the fact that
you and I had an agreement
that after Tokyo. you
would take a break.
A much-needed break.
I talked to Emily
Carpenter about you.
Emily told me that you do
one thing and one thing only.
You find the missing.
for people who value discretion.
like me.
- Ruby. it's Jonathan Siegel.
- I don't care who it is.
There's a girl missing.
His granddaughter.
She's 25 now. but she's
still a child to him.
Olivia has been
missing for two weeks.
My son Bernard. he only told
me about it a few days ago.
He thinks it's just another
one of her misadventures.
I had Tom's office prepare
what you requested.
- That's her.
- Well. she's beautiful.
She's done this
before? Disappeared?
Yes. But that was because for
many years she had a drug problem
and she'd often vanish for
days. weeks. months even.
But this time it's different.
This time you're worried. Why?
When Olivia would disappear
like that. she'd still call me.
She'd always call me for money.
which I gave her.
And you haven't heard
from her? No calls. no...
No. something
different this time.
When was the last
time you saw Olivia?
About a month ago. I
took her out to dinner.
We celebrated two
years of her sobriety.
She was very proud of
that. I was proud of her.
There was something special
about her that night.
Special? How so?
She was passionate.
confident. eager. funny.
It was so clear to me then.
she was finally on her way.
On her way to what. sir?
To becoming herself.
I'm an old man. Sugar.
and frankly I'm not that well.
Bum ticker.
I don't really give a damn
about anything anymore.
except my granddaughter.
I need you to find her. please.
Well. that's his problem.
It's not mine. and
it's not yours.
We'll speak soon.
That's not funny. John.
You need to call Thomas Kinzie
right now and set him straight.
Ruby.
I can't do that.
I can't do that. It's this girl.
She reminds me of Djen.
Yeah.
I don't know what to say.
She...
God. You son of a bitch.
What?
You sure know how to
play me. don't you?
- I ain't playing. Ruby. I ain't playing.
- Yeah.
I saw her pictures. and
straightaway. it was Djen.
Right. Well. you're
gonna need this stuff.
It's a concealed carry permit.
your renewed California
private investigator's license.
- driver's license...
- Wait.
Concealed carry permit.
why would I need that?
Ruby. come on. You
know I don't like guns.
Yes. I know. Come
on. It's just...
Look. this isn't any
old gun. all right?
This is the gun that Glenn
Ford used in The Big Heat.
What do you mean the gun Glenn
Ford used in The Big Heat?
What do you mean? Is
it. like. a replica?
No. it's not a replica.
Glenn Ford?
Yeah. he used that gun.
- Glenn Ford used this gun?
- I had...
- Go on. Tell me.
- Glenn Ford used that gun.
- Oh. my God.
- Yes.
I bought that from
a private collector.
I had it restored to perfect
working order just for you.
- Why?
- I just feel more comfortable
if you carried a gun.
Plus. I figured this is the only
way I was gonna get you to do it.
Who's playing who?
- Wow. Well. thank you.
- There you go. You're welcome.
- But. no. thank you.
- Nah. uh-uh. No.
You can take all of this. but
you need to make some promises.
Like what?
Like you take this gun with you
- right now.
- Fine.
Okay. and then you make an
appointment with Dr. Vickers.
Ruby. I feel...
I'm in great health.
I feel perfect.
Don't bullshit me.
John. I know you.
- I don't need to see Dr. Vickers.
- Okay. John. how's your arm?
Yeah.
My arm's fine.
All right.
You can take the Siegel case.
But when it's done. you're done.
Okay.
Until I say otherwise.
- All right. There you go.
- Okay.
- I think you're forgetting something.
- No. that's pretty much everything.
It's in your left hand. Show me.
Thank you.
I hate that you
drive this relic.
Relic? This is a work of art.
All right.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- You'll be at the Del Corazon. of course.
- Of course.
You know. for what you
spend at that place.
- we could get you a nice house.
- I like that place.
I mean. it has maids who
clean my room twice a day.
It has a concierge that takes care of
whatever I need. It has room service.
No. you like that place because
the people who work there
- make you feel like you belong.
- Really?
- Yeah. like you're part of something.
- Wow.
But it's an illusion.
Sugar. You need a home.
Mr. Bascombe?
Yes. Hey. call me Gary.
- John Sugar.
- Hi. Yeah. Mr. Kinzie's office called.
- said to let you in. So...
- Great.
Hold on. Each tenant. do they
have their own parking space?
Yeah. sure do. Some
of them have two.
Could you show me
Miss Siegel's. please?
Yeah. It's right this way.
It has not moved
in. like. two weeks.
How do you know? I assume you haven't
been watching the garage 24/7?
Oh. no. All the tenants have
a gate opener in the car.
and it records every
time they go in or out.
There's a record of it on the security
computer thing in my office...
By any chance. you have
a duplicate set of keys?
For the cars? No.
just for the units.
Okay. Can I see her place now?
Yeah. This way.
All righty. here we are.
I didn't even know who she was.
Like. her family and everything.
- Gary. thank you. I appreciate you.
- Yeah.
I'll take it from here.
and I'll take the keys too.
I've got keys for all the units.
You know. I'm the building manager.
Yes. you are. But
it's a condominium.
so all the keys are legal property
of the owner of the condominium.
which is Jonathan Siegel. And as
Mr. Siegel's representative. I insist.
Thank you.
But what if something
happens? Like a leaky pipe?
Just call me on this number.
- Call you?
- Yeah. thank you.
Welcome.
Nice place.
She's a Siegel. so
of course it is.
What are you doing here?
Who the fuck are you?
- I could ask you the same question.
- Kenny! Kenny!
Whoa. Easy there. quick draw.
I asked you a question.
motherfucker. Who the fuck are you?
My name's John Sugar.
I'm a private investigator licensed
by the State of California.
- I have some identification in my pocket.
- Hey. keep your hands out of your pants.
Okay.
Sorry. I didn't
recognize you at first.
Of course. Davy Siegel.
David.
It's not Davy anymore.
You just shot that sequel. huh?
To The Boy in the Corner.
the one where you're the
same kid but all grown up?
- Yeah.
- Good luck with that.
Would you mind? Guns
make me nervous.
Thank you.
What are you doing here. man?
I've been hired by
your grandfather
to look into the
disappearance of your sister.
If you wanna call him or
his attorney Mr. Kinzie.
- they'll confirm what I just said.
- That's all right. I believe you.
Good. So now we can get back
to our initial exchange.
- Our what?
- Our... Well.
I told you why I'm here.
but you still haven't told
me what you're doing here.
- My dad told me to come here.
- Really?
I'm supposed to come here every
day to see if Olivia's back.
- Where'd you get the keys?
- My dad.
Bernie has a set of keys to the condo
that Jonathan bought your sister?
Half-sister. But. yeah.
Why didn't you just ring
or knock on the door?
- What?
- Well. you're looking for Olivia. right?
I mean. she could still be here.
but you just assume that she wasn't.
Yeah. she could have
been passed out.
I don't know how much you know
about Olivia but. you know.
once a junkie. always a junkie.
- You're a terrible liar. Davy.
- David.
Maybe the worst liar ever.
Well. Olivia's not here.
Yeah. I figured.
So there's no reason for you
to be here either. is there?
Nice suit.
Night. Kenny.
It's always nice to meet a fan.
That was good.
Well. that was interesting.
Scared little boy.
Scared of what. I wonder?
Scared of who?
Olivia's mom.
Yeah. I guess I see it.
It's the eyes.
Rachel Kaye.
Same sadness there.
I recognize the blonde.
Melanie Matthews.
Used to be Olivia's stepmom
and a big rock star too.
But this is recent.
Maybe she knows something.
Step-Hi Lounge.
Melanie wasn't at home. so the bar from
the picture seems like my next stop.
I know the place.
What's your name. my friend?
- Carl.
- Carl. John.
It's nice to meet
you. Carl. His name?
- That's Wiley.
- Can I...
- Yeah.
- Hey. Hey. Wiley.
Hey. Carl. would
you do me a favor?
Could you watch my car?
I'll pay you. like. a
couple hundred bucks.
You don't have to do
anything. You just...
You know. anyone tries to steal it
or. hell. anyone gets too close to it.
all you gotta do...
Here's a telephone.
You just call me at this number.
Hundred bucks.
When I get back. I'll give you
the other half. Sound good?
- Yeah. Sounds real good.
- Okay. Cool.
- Hey. Wiley.
- He's friendly.
You're a good man. Carl.
We are golden.
And I'm out here on the road
I feel just like
a rolling stone.
Into the highways of
the night I roll alone.
At first. I was gonna
call it a coincidence.
finding Olivia's
mystery woman so easily.
But something tells me she could
have been found here most anytime.
- Get you something?
- Whatever she's drinking.
Willett Distillery
single-barrel bourbon. sir.
That's gonna be $100 a shot.
Neat. Water back. I'd
like to pay for hers too.
That's nice of you. man. but she does
not like dudes buying her drinks.
I respect that.
Thank you.
That's very good.
I usually drink scotch. but
this could change things.
You ever have rye?
Rye falls somewhere in between
that beautiful whiskey sweet spot.
No. I'd hear cowboys
order it in westerns.
You know. "Barkeep.
give me a shot of rye."
But I never thought
to actually try it.
- Melanie.
- John.
Hey. Melanie.
You wanna get drunk?
I think the lady
needs a fresh one.
You matched me drink for drink. but I'm
sloshed. and you're stone-cold sober.
Yeah. I have a
strange metabolism.
My body. it processes alcohol at a
rate 50 times faster than normal.
I mean. I could drink that. this.
every drink in this establishment.
- and I still wouldn't get drunk.
- That sounds expensive.
It can be.
Why drink?
I think I like
the romance of it.
Yeah.
I suppose I get that
from the movies.
I love the movies.
I like sci-fi.
You like sci-fi?
Any particular
titles that you have?
Like. a go-to sci-fi film...
How many questions?
Hold on. I gotta
figure this out. Okay.
You're not an asshole
or a douche or a sleaze.
- No. Most...
- How do you know? We just met.
Most men fall into those
categories. I know. I know.
You don't.
but there's more to
you than meets the eye.
You have secrets. and
you keep things hidden.
Just things you only
share with a trusted few.
And gaining that
trust. that's not easy.
Wow.
Do you wanna take me home?
It's okay.
Hey. Carl. Thank you.
Thanks for remembering
my name. Mr. Sugar.
- John.
Okay. Just give me one second.
Thank you.
Wiley. thank you. Thank you.
- He likes you.
- I like him too.
As promised. Thank you. sir.
- Thank you. sir.
- Uh-huh.
Mr. Su... John.
John. John.
Cool. Here's your...
You know what? Keep that.
Right. And I want you to find somewhere
decent for you and Wiley to sleep tonight.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You got any family. Carl?
I got a sister in Milwaukee.
- Uh-huh. What's her name?
- Sophie.
- Sophie?
- Yeah.
Sophie. Does she know
what's going on with you?
She... Well...
Carl. I want you to use that
phone and call Sophie tonight.
Call her and ask
her if you can stay.
Okay? Just tell her what's happened.
Don't let pride get in the way.
Just 'cause you're
living on the streets.
it doesn't make you any less
human than the rest of us.
What's happened to you
could happen to anyone.
Can you do that? Can
you call Sophie tonight?
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
You call her tonight.
And you call me tomorrow. I'll get
you a ticket to Milwaukee. okay?
- I got Wiley. so...
- We'll get him on as a service dog.
Not a problem. I'll get him a
ticket too. I promise. Deal?
Okay. Okay. all right.
- Hey.
- Hey. it's okay. Come here.
- Come here. boy.
- Come on back in. You're okay.
- We're going to Milwaukee.
- Yeah. you're going home.
We'll talk tomorrow?
- I'll call you tomorrow. sir.
- All right. Okay.
Hey. thank you.
Excuse me.
I think he liked you.
He called you sugar.
No. that's my name.
Your name is John Sugar?
Yeah. John Sugar.
Okay. I'm not gonna forget that.
When's your
birthday. John Sugar?
September 2nd.
Virgo? I knew it.
I love Virgo. Honest.
loyal and kind.
When you meet someone
unlike you. you know it.
- You are who you are.
- Really?
I knew it.
But. you know. deep
down. you're lonely.
You don't have a wife
or kids or a home.
You choose to be alone.
But there's hope
for you. John Sugar.
Is there?
- My home.
- Uh-huh.
I didn't tell you where I lived.
- Yeah. you did. At the bar.
- I did?
Good night.
Will you come inside and make sure
no one's waiting to rape or kill me?
Okay.
All clear. You're good.
I found a bottle of rye.
How about one for the road?
Long day.
Come on. You can't get drunk.
It's not gonna matter. right?
What if you get
stopped by the cops?
And all that booze is just
still in your blood. right?
I'll be okay.
I think you should play it safe.
I think you should
stay here tonight.
Not tonight. Melanie.
I bet you're a good kisser.
Why not?
Because you're
drunk and I'm not.
But I want you to.
There's another thing
about Virgo men.
They're very compatible with Taurus
women. especially when it comes to sex.
I'm a Taurus.
I'm a Taurus. I'm a Taurus.
You're drunk. I'm not.
Fine. be that way.
My fault.
I lost track of the whiskey.
I'm not gonna learn much
from Melanie tonight.
Other than she's a funny
Taurus with a swimming pool.
And lonely.
I like her.
But. yeah. answers
will have to wait.
Well. you're in for a treat.
Good night. Melanie.
You gotta stop following me. Kenny.
okay? You're a terrible tail.
I could spot you from a
mile away. Ten miles away.
I'm staying at the Del Corazon.
That's all you
need to tell Davy.
And when he finds out it's true. he'll
think you've done a hell of a job.
Take it.
Now. drive away.
Why is he having me
followed? What did I do?
I'm one of the good guys.
Although. to be fair. out here. good and
bad can be in the eye of the beholder.
And I don't think Davy
Siegel beholds me highly.
People think LA is an up-all-night
kind of town. but it really isn't.
After midnight.
except the club kids along the strip
or the crawlers down in Hollywood.
everyone's in bed.
No one's watching.
You can come and go as you like.
Sometimes where someone's been
is the best way to find
out where they've gone.
Who's this?
Looks like a hard case.
Biker. Banger. Something.
It could have been worse.
It could have been Olivia.
Yeah. but I need to figure this
one out and pretty damn quick too.
or something tells me hers
will be the next body I find.
It's funny. after so much time.
I've almost gotten used to it.
Almost.
All this violence.
Doing this so long.
I've grown to expect it.
I know what it says
about the world.
- but I wonder what it says about me.
- Good evening. sir.
Mr. Sugar. So very good
to see you again. sir.
Thank you. Clinton.
It's good to be back.
Your bungalow is waiting. and
everything is just as you like it.
- By chance. are you hungry?
- Oh. very.
I'll let the chef know. I'm sure he'll
put together something special for you.
You read my mind.
Clinton. I almost forgot.
There's a suitcase in
the trunk of my car.
I'll take care of it.
Thank you.
Good evening.
Consuelo.
Good evening. Mr. Sugar.
May I come in?
Yes. please. It's so
wonderful to see you.
- How are Jorge and the kids?
- They're all well. sir. thank you.
- Good.
- I almost forgot.
This arrived for you
just a short while ago.
- Good night.
A party.
It'll be good to see
everyone. I guess.
"If it'll be so good to see them.
then why do you so often avoid them?"
is a question one could ask.
And I would answer it.
if I wasn't busy working.
I tried to hit him.
but he held me down.
He was very strong.
Very strong.
When he tried to kiss
me. I went to bite him.
And that's when he put
his hand around my throat
and he said. "I'm
gonna get what I want."
She's a good actor.
I just laid there and
let him have his fun.
What was I supposed to do?
Turn into Wonder Woman?
Interesting choice
of material though.
Well. I couldn't. I didn't.
Strong woman.
And I tried to hit him.
but he held me down.
He is very strong.
And when he tried to kiss
me. I went to bite him.
And that's when he put
his hands around my throat
and he said. "I'm
gonna get what I want."
Following in her
mom's footsteps.
Two strong women fighting
back or trying to.
So what was I supposed to do?
What's this?
Turn into Wonder Woman?
'Cause I didn't. I couldn't.
- Rachel.
- I just laid there...
Who took these?
To let him have his fun.
- So I guess I wanted it.
- Why does Olivia have pictures?
Is that what you're telling me?
Hold on.
I should probably...
I better lie down.
I have to.
I have to
find Olivia.
I have to.